good morning
it's november 2 2020 and it's a monday
here in l.a clear
big moon hanging in the sky very still
right now
57 degrees fahrenheit 13 celsius
i heard on the news
that in the united states there's an
election
coming up and they said it's very
important
if you're a citizen of the united states
and eligible and registered to vote
it's very important for you to vote
maybe getting a cup of hot coffee
and listening to little eva
sing locomotion will
motivate you to get out and vote if you
haven't voted already
you only have today and tomorrow
should be going up to around
80 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon 26
celsius and it looks like we're going to
be enjoying
those beautiful blue skies and golden
sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day